https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kalandula_Falls Kalandula Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kagera_waterfalls Kagera waterfalls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rusumo_Falls Rusumo Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gauthiot_Falls Gauthiot Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boyoma_Falls Boyoma Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inga_Falls Inga Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Livingstone_Falls Livingstone Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lofoi_Falls Lofoi Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blue_Nile_Falls Blue Nile Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boti_falls Boti falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kintampo_waterfalls Kintampo waterfalls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tagbo_Falls Tagbo Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wli_waterfalls Wli waterfalls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tinkisso_Falls Tinkisso Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomson%27s_Falls Thomson&#39;s Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maletsunyane_Falls Maletsunyane Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Derna_waterfalls Derna waterfalls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andriamamovoka_Falls Andriamamovoka Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mahamanina_Falls Mahamanina Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mandraka_Falls Mandraka Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rianbavy_Falls Rianbavy Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Riandahy_Falls Riandahy Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sakaleona_Falls Sakaleona Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gouina_Falls Gouina Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ouzoud_Falls Ouzoud Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ruacana_Falls Ruacana Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Awhum_Waterfall Awhum Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Erin-Ijesha_Waterfalls Erin-Ijesha Waterfalls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Farin_Ruwa_Falls Farin Ruwa Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gurara_Waterfalls Gurara Waterfalls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Matsirga_waterfalls Matsirga waterfalls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Owu_waterfalls Owu waterfalls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rusumo_Falls Rusumo Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lamadaya Lamadaya
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Howick_Falls Howick Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ncandu_Falls Ncandu Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tugela_Falls Tugela Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Berlin_Falls Berlin Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bridal_Veil_Falls_(Sabie) Bridal Veil Falls (Sabie)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lisbon_Falls_(waterfall) Lisbon Falls (waterfall)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lone_Creek_Falls Lone Creek Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mac-Mac_Falls Mac-Mac Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Augrabies_Falls Augrabies Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kalambo_Falls Kalambo Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rusumo_Falls Rusumo Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Murchison_Falls Murchison Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sipi_Falls Sipi Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chisimba_Falls Chisimba Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kabwelume_Falls Kabwelume Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kalambo_Falls Kalambo Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kundalila_Falls Kundalila Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mumbuluma_Falls Mumbuluma Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mutumuna_Falls Mutumuna Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ngonye_Falls Ngonye Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Victoria_Falls,_Zambia" class="mw-redirect Victoria Falls, Zambia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mutarazi_Falls Mutarazi Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Victoria_Falls,_Zambia" class="mw-redirect Victoria Falls, Zambia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hum_Hum Hum Hum
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jadipai_waterfall Jadipai waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Madhabkunda_waterfall Madhabkunda waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nafa-khum Nafa-khum
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ka_Choung Ka Choung
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kbal_Chhay_Waterfall Kbal Chhay Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ban_Gioc%E2%80%93Detian_Falls Ban Gioc–Detian Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Huangguoshu_Waterfall Huangguoshu Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hukou_Waterfall Hukou Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pearl_Shoal_Waterfall Pearl Shoal Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yuntai_Mountain_(Henan) Yuntai Mountain (Henan)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bandeira_(waterfall) Bandeira (waterfall)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Berloi Berloi
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Waterfall_Bay,_Hong_Kong Waterfall Bay, Hong Kong
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agaya_Gangai Agaya Gangai
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aruvikkuzhy_Falls Aruvikkuzhy Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Athirappilly_Falls Athirappilly Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barkana_Falls Barkana Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Catherine_Falls Catherine Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chachai_Falls Chachai Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chitrakote_Falls Chitrakote Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chunchanakatte_Falls Chunchanakatte Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Courtallam Courtallam
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dhuandhar_Falls Dhuandhar Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dudhsagar_Falls Dudhsagar Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duduma_Waterfalls Duduma Waterfalls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Godchinamalaki_Falls Godchinamalaki Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gokak_Falls Gokak Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hebbe_Falls Hebbe Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hogenakkal_Falls Hogenakkal Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Irupu_Falls Irupu Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jog_Falls Jog Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jonha_Falls Jonha Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Khandadhar_Falls,_Kendujhar Khandadhar Falls, Kendujhar
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Khandadhar_Falls,_Sundagarh Khandadhar Falls, Sundagarh
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kiliyur_Falls Kiliyur Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kunchikal_Falls Kunchikal Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kutladampatti_Falls Kutladampatti Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lodh_Falls Lodh Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magod_Falls Magod Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Meenmutty_Falls,_Thiruvananthapuram Meenmutty Falls, Thiruvananthapuram
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Meenmutty_Falls,_Wayanad Meenmutty Falls, Wayanad
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nohkalikai_Falls Nohkalikai Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sathodi_Falls Sathodi Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thalaiyar_Falls Thalaiyar Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thoseghar_Waterfalls Thoseghar Waterfalls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unchalli_Falls Unchalli Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vajrai_Waterfall Vajrai Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vajrapoha_Falls Vajrapoha Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vazhachal_Falls Vazhachal Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gitgit_Waterfall Gitgit Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sedudo_Waterfall Sedudo Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sipisopiso Sipisopiso
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Margoon_Waterfall Margoon Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shalmash_Falls Shalmash Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abe_Great_Falls Abe Great Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fukuroda_Falls Fukuroda Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hannoki_Falls Hannoki Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kegon_Falls Kegon Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nachi_Falls Nachi Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nunobiki_Falls Nunobiki Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sh%C5%8Dmy%C5%8D_Falls Shōmyō Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abshir_Ata_Waterfall Abshir Ata Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barskoon_Waterfall Barskoon Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Khone_Phapheng_Falls Khone Phapheng Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Berkelah_Falls Berkelah Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cemerung_Falls Cemerung Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chiling_waterfalls Chiling waterfalls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gabai_River Gabai River
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kadamaian_Falls Kadamaian Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kanching_Falls Kanching Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kota_Tinggi_Waterfalls Kota Tinggi Waterfalls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mahua_Waterfall Mahua Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maliau_Falls Maliau Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Takob_Akob_Falls Takob Akob Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Davis_Falls Davis Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hyatung_Falls Hyatung Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ullim_Falls Ullim Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dhani_Waterfall Dhani Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jarogo_Waterfall Jarogo Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manthokha_Waterfall Manthokha Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pir_Ghaib_Waterfall Pir Ghaib Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sajikot_Waterfall Sajikot Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abaga_Falls Abaga Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dodiongan_Falls Dodiongan Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hinulugang_Taktak Hinulugang Taktak
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kaytitinga_Falls Kaytitinga Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Limunsudan_Falls Limunsudan Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maria_Cristina_Falls Maria Cristina Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Matang_Tubig Matang Tubig
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pagsanjan_Falls Pagsanjan Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pinandagatan_Falls Pinandagatan Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tinago_Falls Tinago Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tinuy-an_Falls Tinuy-an Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tudaya_Falls Tudaya Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ilya_Muromets_Waterfall Ilya Muromets Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kinzelyuk_Waterfall Kinzelyuk Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Talnikovy_Waterfall Talnikovy Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gardens_by_the_Bay#Cloud_Forest Gardens by the Bay
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jurong_Falls Jurong Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jewel_Changi_Airport#HSBC_Rain_Vortex Jewel Changi Airport
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cheonjeyeon_Waterfalls Cheonjeyeon Waterfalls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cheonjiyeon_Waterfall Cheonjiyeon Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeongbang_Waterfall Jeongbang Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bambarakanda_Falls Bambarakanda Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bomburu_Ella Bomburu Ella
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Devon_Falls Devon Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diyaluma_Falls Diyaluma Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/St._Clair%27s_Falls St. Clair&#39;s Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jiao_Lung_Waterfall Jiao Lung Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Penglai_Waterfall Penglai Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shifen_Waterfall Shifen Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wufengqi_Waterfall Wufengqi Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wulai_Waterfall Wulai Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yuntan_Waterfall Yuntan Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mae_Surin_Falls Mae Surin Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phu_Fa_waterfall Phu Fa waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thi_Lo_Su_Waterfall Thi Lo Su Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wachirathan_Falls Wachirathan Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ban_Gioc%E2%80%93Detian_Falls Ban Gioc–Detian Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Krimml_Waterfalls Krimml Waterfalls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bliha_Waterfall" class="mw-redirect Bliha Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kravice" class="mw-redirect Kravice
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pliva_Waterfall Pliva Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Skakavac_Waterfall,_Peru%C4%87ica Skakavac Waterfall, Perućica
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Skakavac,_Sarajevo Skakavac, Sarajevo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%C5%A0trba%C4%8Dki_buk Štrbački buk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Babsko_Praskalo Babsko Praskalo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Borov_Kamak Borov Kamak
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Raysko_Praskalo Raysko Praskalo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plitvice_Lakes_National_Park Plitvice Lakes National Park
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Krka_National_Park#Tourism Krka National Park
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/J%C3%A4gala_Waterfall Jägala Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keila_Waterfall Keila Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Narva_River#Waterfall Narva River
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Valaste_Waterfall Valaste Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/B%C3%B8sdalafossur Bøsdalafossur
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foss%C3%A1 Fossá
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Puolanka Puolanka
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kitsiputous Kitsiputous
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pihtsusk%C3%B6ng%C3%A4s Pihtsusköngäs
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gavarnie_Falls Gavarnie Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trou_de_Fer Trou de Fer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/All_Saints_Waterfalls All Saints Waterfalls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/R%C3%B6thbach_Waterfall Röthbach Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sankenbach_Waterfalls Sankenbach Waterfalls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Triberg_Waterfalls Triberg Waterfalls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edessa,_Greece Edessa, Greece
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lillaf%C3%BCred Lillafüred
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aldeyjarfoss Aldeyjarfoss
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barnafossar Barnafossar
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dettifoss Dettifoss
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dynjandi Dynjandi
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gj%C3%A1in Gjáin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glj%C3%BAfrafoss Gljúfrafoss
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glymur Glymur
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Go%C3%B0afoss Goðafoss
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gullfoss Gullfoss
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hafragilsfoss Hafragilsfoss
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/H%C3%A1ifoss Háifoss
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hengifoss Hengifoss
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hraunfossar Hraunfossar
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%C3%93f%C3%A6rufoss Ófærufoss
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Selfoss_(waterfall) Selfoss (waterfall)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seljalandsfoss Seljalandsfoss
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sk%C3%B3gafoss Skógafoss
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Svartifoss Svartifoss
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Assaroe_Falls Assaroe Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Powerscourt_Waterfall Powerscourt Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sruth_in_Aghaidh_an_Aird Sruth in Aghaidh an Aird
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Torc_Waterfall Torc Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascata_delle_Marmore Cascata delle Marmore
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascate_del_Rio_Verde Cascate del Rio Verde
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascate_del_Serio Cascate del Serio
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascata_del_Toce Cascata del Toce
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascate_del_Varone Cascate del Varone
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascate_Nardis Cascate Nardis
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abava Abava
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Venta_Rapid Venta Rapid
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bogomila_Falls Bogomila Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duf_Falls Duf Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kole%C5%A1ino_Falls Kolešino Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Korab_Falls Korab Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kopri%C5%A1nica_Falls Koprišnica Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smolare_Falls Smolare Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Espeland_Falls Espeland Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kjelfossen Kjelfossen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kjeragfossen Kjeragfossen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Langfoss" class="mw-redirect Langfoss
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/L%C3%A5tefossen Låtefossen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/M%C3%A5nafossen Månafossen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mardalsfossen Mardalsfossen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mongefossen Mongefossen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ramnefjellsfossen Ramnefjellsfossen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rjukan_Falls Rjukan Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sarp_Falls Sarp Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Skrikjofossen Skrikjofossen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/S%C3%B8ndre_Mardalsfoss" class="mw-redirect Søndre Mardalsfoss
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stalheimsfossen Stalheimsfossen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steinsdalsfossen Steinsdalsfossen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tyssestrengene Tyssestrengene
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vettisfossen Vettisfossen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vinnufossen Vinnufossen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/V%C3%B8ringfossen Vøringfossen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pego_do_Inferno Pego do Inferno
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Penedo_Furado Penedo Furado
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pulo_do_Lobo Pulo do Lobo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascata_da_Ribeira_Grande Cascata da Ribeira Grande
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascata_do_Po%C3%A7o_do_Bacalhau Cascata do Poço do Bacalhau
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Risco_waterfall Risco waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/25_Fontes_Falls 25 Fontes Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Izvorul_Big%C4%83r Izvorul Bigăr
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kivach_Falls Kivach Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polikarya Polikarya
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kopren_Waterfall Kopren Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kme%C5%A5ov Kmeťov
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%C5%A0%C3%BAtovsk%C3%BD_vodop%C3%A1d Šútovský vodopád
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Javornik_Falls Javornik Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peri%C4%8Dnik_Falls Peričnik Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rinka_Falls Rinka Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fettje%C3%A5fallet Fettjeåfallet
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/H%C3%A4llings%C3%A5fallet Hällingsåfallet
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hallam%C3%B6lla Hallamölla
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Njupesk%C3%A4r Njupeskär
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stora_Sj%C3%B6fallet_National_Park Stora Sjöfallet National Park
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Styggforsen Styggforsen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/V%C3%A4stan%C3%A5fallet Västanåfallet
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Engstligen_falls" class="mw-redirect Engstligen falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reichenbach_Falls Reichenbach Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rhine_Falls Rhine Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Staubbach_Fall" class="mw-redirect Staubbach Fall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tr%C3%BCmmelbach" class="mw-redirect Trümmelbach
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/D%C3%BCden_Waterfalls Düden Waterfalls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/G%C3%B6ksu_Waterfall Göksu Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/G%C3%BCrlevik_Waterfalls Gürlevik Waterfalls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kur%C5%9Funlu_Waterfall_Nature_Park Kurşunlu Waterfall Nature Park
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manavgat_Waterfall Manavgat Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tortum_Waterfall Tortum Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Djur-Djur Djur-Djur
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dzhurynskyi Dzhurynskyi
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maniava_waterfall Maniava waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uchan-su_(waterfall) Uchan-su (waterfall)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zhenetskyi_Huk Zhenetskyi Huk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aira_Force Aira Force
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aysgarth_Falls Aysgarth Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Canonteign_Falls Canonteign Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cauldron_Snout Cauldron Snout
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cautley_Spout Cautley Spout
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/East_Gill_Force East Gill Force
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Falling_Foss Falling Foss
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gaping_Gill Gaping Gill
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hardraw_Force Hardraw Force
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/High_Force High Force
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kisdon_Force Kisdon Force
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Low_Force Low Force
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mallyan_Spout Mallyan Spout
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moss_Force Moss Force
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wain_Wath_Force Wain Wath Force
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/River_Lyd,_Devon River Lyd, Devon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glenariff_Forest_Park Glenariff Forest Park
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eas_a%27_Chual_Aluinn Eas a&#39; Chual Aluinn
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steall_Waterfall Steall Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aber_Falls Aber Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aberdulais_Falls Aberdulais Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Devil%27s_Appendix Devil&#39;s Appendix
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sgwd_Henrhyd" class="mw-redirect Sgwd Henrhyd
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pistyll_Rhaeadr Pistyll Rhaeadr
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swallow_Falls Swallow Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_Rock_Falls Big Rock Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thousand_Foot_Falls Thousand Foot Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Athabasca_Falls Athabasca Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bow_Falls Bow Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bow_Glacier_Falls Bow Glacier Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crescent_Falls Crescent Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maligne_Canyon Maligne Canyon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Panther_Falls Panther Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sunwapta_Falls Sunwapta Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexander_Falls Alexander Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brandywine_Falls_Provincial_Park Brandywine Falls Provincial Park
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bridal_Veil_Falls_Provincial_Park Bridal Veil Falls Provincial Park
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Canim_Falls Canim Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chatterbox_Falls Chatterbox Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dawson_Falls Dawson Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Della_Falls Della Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emperor_Falls Emperor Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Helmcken_Falls Helmcken Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hunlen_Falls Hunlen Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keyhole_Falls Keyhole Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kinuseo_Falls Kinuseo Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mahood_Falls Mahood Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moul_Falls Moul Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nairn_Falls_Provincial_Park Nairn Falls Provincial Park
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shannon_Falls_Provincial_Park Shannon Falls Provincial Park
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spahats_Creek_Falls Spahats Creek Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Takakkaw_Falls Takakkaw Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wapta_Falls Wapta Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Churchill_Falls Churchill Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pissing_Mare_Falls Pissing Mare Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexandra_Falls Alexandra Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virginia_Falls_(Northwest_Territories) Virginia Falls (Northwest Territories)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wilberforce_Falls Wilberforce Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Albion_Falls Albion Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Helen_Falls Helen Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Horseshoe_Falls Horseshoe Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inglis_Falls Inglis Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kakabeka_Falls Kakabeka Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tew%27s_Falls Tew&#39;s Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Montmorency_Falls Montmorency Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/La_Fortuna_Waterfall,_Costa_Rica La Fortuna Waterfall, Costa Rica
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/La_Paz_Waterfall,_Costa_Rica La Paz Waterfall, Costa Rica
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Volio_Waterfall Volio Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Qorlortorsuaq Qorlortorsuaq
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carbet_Falls Carbet Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saut-Mathurine Saut-Mathurine
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunn%27s_River_Falls Dunn&#39;s River Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mayfield_Falls Mayfield Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agua_Azul Agua Azul
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Basaseachic_Falls Basaseachic Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascada_de_Texolo Cascada de Texolo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cola_de_Caballo Cola de Caballo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Piedra_Volada Piedra Volada
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sault_Falls Sault Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DeSoto_Falls_(Alabama) DeSoto Falls (Alabama)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grace%27s_High_Falls Grace&#39;s High Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Little_River_Falls Little River Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Noccalula_Falls_Park Noccalula Falls Park
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brooks_Falls Brooks Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nugget_Falls Nugget Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grand_Falls,_Arizona Grand Falls, Arizona
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Havasu_Falls Havasu Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mooney_Falls" class="mw-redirect Mooney Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hemmed-In-Hollow_Falls Hemmed-In-Hollow Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bonita_Falls Bonita Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bridalveil_Fall Bridalveil Fall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Burney_Falls Burney Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chilnualna_Falls Chilnualna Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Darwin_Falls Darwin Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Feather_Falls Feather Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Illilouette_Fall" class="mw-redirect Illilouette Fall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/McWay_Falls McWay Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nevada_Fall Nevada Fall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ribbon_Fall Ribbon Fall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Silver_Strand_Falls Silver Strand Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Three_Chute_Falls Three Chute Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vernal_Fall Vernal Fall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yosemite_Falls Yosemite Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bridal_Veil_Falls_(Telluride) Bridal Veil Falls (Telluride)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fish_Creek_Falls Fish Creek Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seven_Falls Seven Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Falls_(Housatonic_River) Great Falls (Housatonic River)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roaring_Brook_Falls Roaring Brook Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amicalola_Falls_State_Park Amicalola Falls State Park
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anna_Ruby_Falls Anna Ruby Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascade_Falls_(Georgia)" class="mw-redirect Cascade Falls (Georgia)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cochrans_Falls Cochrans Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DeSoto_Falls_(Georgia) DeSoto Falls (Georgia)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dick%27s_Creek_Falls Dick&#39;s Creek Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dukes_Creek_Falls" class="mw-redirect Dukes Creek Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Estatoah_Falls Estatoah Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Holcomb_Creek_Falls Holcomb Creek Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Minnehaha_Falls,_Georgia" class="mw-redirect Minnehaha Falls, Georgia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toccoa_Falls Toccoa Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Falling_Waters_State_Park Falling Waters State Park
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lower_Mesa_Falls Lower Mesa Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moyie_Falls Moyie Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shoshone_Falls Shoshone Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twin_Falls_(Idaho) Twin Falls (Idaho)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Upper_Mesa_Falls Upper Mesa Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cataract_Falls_(Indiana) Cataract Falls (Indiana)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Williamsport_Falls Williamsport Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cumberland_Falls Cumberland Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seventy_Six_Falls Seventy Six Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yahoo_Falls Yahoo Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lake_Peigneur Lake Peigneur
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Angel_Falls_(Maine) Angel Falls (Maine)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Katahdin_Falls Katahdin Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moxie_Falls Moxie Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smalls_Falls Smalls Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cunningham_Falls" class="mw-redirect Cunningham Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Falls_(Potomac_River) Great Falls (Potomac River)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swallow_Falls_State_Park Swallow Falls State Park
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bash_Bish_Falls Bash Bish Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bond_Falls Bond Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bridalveil_Falls_(Michigan) Bridalveil Falls (Michigan)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laughing_Whitefish_Falls" class="mw-redirect Laughing Whitefish Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mackinac_Falls Mackinac Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Munising_Falls Munising Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tahquamenon_Falls Tahquamenon Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cannon_Falls,_Minnesota Cannon Falls, Minnesota
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gooseberry_Falls_State_Park Gooseberry Falls State Park
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nerstrand-Big_Woods_State_Park Nerstrand-Big Woods State Park
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Minnehaha_Park_(Minneapolis) Minnehaha Park (Minneapolis)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saint_Anthony_Falls Saint Anthony Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vermillion_River_(Minnesota) Vermillion River (Minnesota)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Banning_State_Park Banning State Park
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marvel_Cave Marvel Cave
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Taum_Sauk_Mountain_State_Park Taum Sauk Mountain State Park
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bird_Woman_Falls Bird Woman Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Falls_(Missouri_River) Great Falls (Missouri River)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rainbow_Falls_(Missouri_River) Rainbow Falls (Missouri River)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Weeping_Wall_(Montana) Weeping Wall (Montana)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smith_Falls Smith Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amoskeag_Falls Amoskeag Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arethusa_Falls Arethusa Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diana%27s_Baths Diana&#39;s Baths
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Falls_(Passaic_River) Great Falls (Passaic River)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jemez_Falls Jemez Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sitting_Bull_Falls Sitting Bull Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Falls American Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barberville_Falls Barberville Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bouck%27s_Falls Bouck&#39;s Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bridal_Veil_Falls_(Niagara_Falls) Bridal Veil Falls (Niagara Falls)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buttermilk_Falls_State_Park Buttermilk Falls State Park
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chittenango_Falls_State_Park Chittenango Falls State Park
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cohoes_Falls Cohoes Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eternal_Flame_Falls Eternal Flame Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/High_Falls_(Rochester,_New_York) High Falls (Rochester, New York)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indian_Chimney_Falls Indian Chimney Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ithaca_Falls Ithaca Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kaaterskill_Falls Kaaterskill Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_H._Treman_State_Park Robert H. Treman State Park
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pixley_Falls_State_Park Pixley Falls State Park
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Salmon_River_Falls Salmon River Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stony_Kill_Falls Stony Kill Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Taughannock_Falls_State_Park Taughannock Falls State Park
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trenton_Falls Trenton Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Letchworth_State_Park Letchworth State Park
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VerKeerderkill_Falls" class="mw-redirect VerKeerderkill Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Connestee_Falls_and_Batson_Creek_Falls Connestee Falls and Batson Creek Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bridal_Veil_Falls_(DuPont_State_Forest) Bridal Veil Falls (DuPont State Forest)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Connestee_Falls_and_Batson_Creek_Falls Connestee Falls and Batson Creek Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corbin_Creek_Falls Corbin Creek Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cullasaja_Falls Cullasaja Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Douglas_Falls Douglas Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dry_Falls_(North_Carolina) Dry Falls (North Carolina)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eastatoe_Falls Eastatoe Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glassmine_Falls Glassmine Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hickory_Nut_Falls Hickory Nut Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/High_Falls_(DuPont_State_Forest) High Falls (DuPont State Forest)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/High_Shoals_Falls High Shoals Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linville_Falls Linville Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Looking_Glass_Falls Looking Glass Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mingo_Falls Mingo Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rainbow_Falls_(Horsepasture_River) Rainbow Falls (Horsepasture River)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rainbow_Falls_(Rutherford_County) Rainbow Falls (Rutherford County)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Setrock_Creek_Falls Setrock Creek Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sliding_Rock Sliding Rock
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tory%27s_Falls_(Hanging_Rock) Tory&#39;s Falls (Hanging Rock)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Triple_Falls_(DuPont_State_Forest) Triple Falls (DuPont State Forest)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Upper_Whitewater_Falls Upper Whitewater Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brandywine_Creek_(Cuyahoga_River)#Brandywine_Falls" class="mw-redirect Brandywine Creek (Cuyahoga River)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cuyahoga_Falls,_Ohio Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turner_Falls Turner Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multnomah_Falls Multnomah Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toketee_Falls Toketee Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Watson_Falls Watson Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Willamette_Falls Willamette Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dingmans_Falls Dingmans Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fulmer_Falls Fulmer Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Raymondskill_Falls Raymondskill Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Silverthread_Falls Silverthread Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pawtucket_Falls_(Rhode_Island) Pawtucket Falls (Rhode Island)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Isaqueena_Falls" class="mw-redirect Isaqueena Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kings_Creek_Falls Kings Creek Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Raven_Cliff_Falls_(South_Carolina) Raven Cliff Falls (South Carolina)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whitewater_Falls_(North_Carolina) Whitewater Falls (North Carolina)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sioux_Falls" class="mw-redirect Sioux Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Burgess_Falls Burgess Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fall_Creek_Falls Fall Creek Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ozone_Falls Ozone Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rockhouse_Falls Rockhouse Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ruby_Falls Ruby Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hamilton_Pool_Preserve Hamilton Pool Preserve
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pedernales_Falls_State_Park Pedernales Falls State Park
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bridal_Veil_Falls_(Utah) Bridal Veil Falls (Utah)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Calf_Creek_Falls Calf Creek Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crabtree_Falls Crabtree Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Falls_(Potomac_River) Great Falls (Potomac River)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Angeline_Falls Angeline Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Berdeen_Falls Berdeen Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blum_Basin_Falls Blum Basin Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bridal_Veil_Falls_(Washington) Bridal Veil Falls (Washington)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Colonial_Creek_Falls Colonial Creek Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comet_Falls Comet Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Depot_Creek_Falls Depot Creek Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Green_Lake_Falls Green Lake Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mazama_Falls Mazama Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Palouse_Falls Palouse Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pearl_Falls Pearl Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rainbow_Falls_(Chelan_County) Rainbow Falls (Chelan County)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rainy_Lake_Falls Rainy Lake Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seahpo_Peak_Falls" class="mw-redirect Seahpo Peak Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Snoqualmie_Falls Snoqualmie Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spokane_Falls Spokane Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sulphide_Creek_Falls Sulphide Creek Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blackwater_Falls_State_Park Blackwater Falls State Park
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elakala_Falls Elakala Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_Manitou_Falls Big Manitou Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grandfather_Falls Grandfather Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Superior_Falls Superior Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_waterfalls_in_Yellowstone_National_Park List of waterfalls in Yellowstone National Park
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Firehole_Falls Firehole Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gibbon_Falls Gibbon Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kepler_Cascades Kepler Cascades
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tower_Fall Tower Fall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Union_Falls Union Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yellowstone_Falls Yellowstone Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apsley_Falls Apsley Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Belmore_Falls Belmore Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carrington_Falls Carrington Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ebor_Falls Ebor Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ellenborough_Falls Ellenborough Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fitzroy_Falls,_New_South_Wales Fitzroy Falls, New South Wales
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tin_Mine_Falls Tin Mine Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wentworth_Falls,_New_South_Wales Wentworth Falls, New South Wales
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wollomombi_Falls Wollomombi Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Florence_Falls Florence Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jim_Jim_Falls Jim Jim Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tjaynera_Falls Tjaynera Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tolmer_Falls Tolmer Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twin_Falls_(Northern_Territory) Twin Falls (Northern Territory)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wangi_Falls Wangi Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Waterfall_Creek_Falls Waterfall Creek Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barron_Falls Barron Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bilbrough_Falls Bilbrough Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blencoe_Falls Blencoe Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bloomfield_Falls Bloomfield Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Browns_Falls Browns Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clamshell_Falls Clamshell Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coomera_Falls Coomera Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daggs_Falls Daggs Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Davies_Creek_Falls Davies Creek Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dinner_Falls Dinner Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Herbert_River_Falls Herbert River Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Josephine_Falls Josephine Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kearneys_Falls Kearneys Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leichhardt_Falls Leichhardt Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Malanda_Falls Malanda Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Millaa_Millaa_Falls Millaa Millaa Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Millstream_Falls Millstream Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Milmilgee_Falls Milmilgee Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Morans_Falls Morans Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Murray_Falls Murray Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Purling_Brook_Falls Purling Brook Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Queen_Mary_Falls Queen Mary Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simpson_Falls Simpson Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stoney_Creek_Falls Stoney Creek Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Teviot_Falls Teviot Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tinaroo_Falls Tinaroo Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tully_Falls Tully Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wallaman_Falls Wallaman Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whites_Falls Whites Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wongalee_Falls Wongalee Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yarrbilgong_Falls Yarrbilgong Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adamsons_Falls Adamsons Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delaneys_Falls Delaneys Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dip_Falls Dip Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guide_Falls Guide Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Horseshoe_Falls_(Tasmania) Horseshoe Falls (Tasmania)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lady_Barron_Falls Lady Barron Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liffey_Falls Liffey Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Montezuma_Falls Montezuma Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nelson_Falls Nelson Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pelverata_Falls Pelverata Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Russell_Falls Russell Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slippery_Falls Slippery Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hopetoun_Falls Hopetoun Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nigretta_Falls Nigretta Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Silverband_Falls Silverband Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steavenson_Falls Steavenson Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Triplet_Falls Triplet Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wannon_Falls Wannon Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fautaua_Valley Fautaua Valley
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Akaka_Falls_State_Park Akaka Falls State Park
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hanakapiai_Falls Hanakapiai Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hiilawe_Waterfall Hiilawe Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kahiwa_Falls Kahiwa Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Makahiku_Falls Makahiku Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manawaiopuna_Falls Manawaiopuna Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manoa_Falls Manoa Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Olo%CA%BBupena_Falls Oloʻupena Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%27Opaeka%27a_Falls &#39;Opaeka&#39;a Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pu%27uka%27oku_Falls Pu&#39;uka&#39;oku Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rainbow_Falls_(Hawaii) Rainbow Falls (Hawaii)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Waih%C4%ABlau_Falls" class="mw-redirect Waihīlau Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wailua_Falls Wailua Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%C4%80niwaniwa_Falls Āniwaniwa Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bridal_Veil_Falls_(Waikato) Bridal Veil Falls (Waikato)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Browne_Falls Browne Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Huka_Falls Huka Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Humboldt_Falls Humboldt Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kitekite_Falls Kitekite Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lady_Alice_Falls Lady Alice Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Madonna_Falls Madonna Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mokau_Falls Mokau Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mount_Damper_Falls Mount Damper Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Owharoa_Falls Owharoa Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Purakaunui_Falls Purakaunui Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rainbow_Falls_(Waianiwaniwa) Rainbow Falls (Waianiwaniwa)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sutherland_Falls Sutherland Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tarawera_Falls Tarawera Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wairere_Falls Wairere Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iguazu_Falls Iguazu Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gua%C3%ADra_Falls Guaíra Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iguazu_Falls Iguazu Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cachoeira_da_Fuma%C3%A7a Cachoeira da Fumaça
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parque_da_Cascata Parque da Cascata
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Huilo-Huilo_Falls Huilo-Huilo Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laja_Falls Laja Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Petrohu%C3%A9_Waterfalls Petrohué Waterfalls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tequendama_Falls Tequendama Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tequendamita_Falls Tequendamita Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kaieteur_Falls Kaieteur Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/King_Edward_VIII_Falls King Edward VIII Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gua%C3%ADra_Falls Guaíra Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saltos_del_Monday Saltos del Monday
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gocta_Cataracts Gocta Cataracts
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tres_Hermanas_Falls Tres Hermanas Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yumbilla_Falls Yumbilla Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Angel_Falls Angel Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cuquenan_Falls Cuquenan Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Llovizna_Falls Llovizna Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Par%C3%A1_Falls Pará Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yutaje_Falls Yutaje Falls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Victoria_falls,_zambia.jpg" class="image
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_waterfalls_by_flow_rate List of waterfalls by flow rate
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_waterfalls_by_height List of waterfalls by height
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_waterfalls_by_type List of waterfalls by type
		<div id="catlinks" class="catlinks" data-mw="interface
